# CS0002-course-work--VB.NET--Specification:

##| Assessment Elements	Weighting	Descriptions:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
## | 1)-Verbal Presentation	25%	Each student needs to demonstrate their program, and more importantly, explain how their program works.                                             

## | 2)-Menu	20%	The program should display a menu, with a user selectable choice for each part of the program that has been implemented. The program should perform input validation|  | (e.g. detect incorrect user entries and inputs) and also have an option to exit the program. On selecting a menu item, the appropriate part of the program should run, and the  |  |menu should then be redisplayed (unless exit has been selected). If a part of the program has not been implemented (e.g., Quadratic Equations), the program should simply display| |a short message, e.g. "Feature not implemented".                                                                                                                                 |

## | 3)-Accuracy Option	10%	An option should be implemented to allow the user to specify how many decimal places the numerical results should be displayed. This value should be      | |restricted to a range between 1 and 5 decimals (inclusive). This accuracy option should apply to any numerical result (from the following three features) displayed to the user. |

## | 4)-Quadratic Equation 15%	This part of the program should solve a quadratic equation of the form ax2+bx+c=0 as described in Appendix A. The user should input the values of a, b| | and c, and the program should display the values that x can take, i.e. the roots. Bonus marks will be given for handling cases where the roots are complex.                      |

## | 5)-Protein Sequence Segmentation	15%	This function is to simulate the digestion of a particular enzyme on a protein sequence. The specification of the segmentation can be found | in Appendix B. You must demonstrate the result of segmentation using the protein sequence for apomyoglobin as provided in Appendix B. You may “hardcode” the sequence in your    | program, but ideally you should use a text file to take any input sequence.                                                                                                      |

## | 6)-Prime Numbers	15%	This part of the program should allow the user to enter a value, determine whether the entry is valid (an integer > 0) and then display whether the integer |  is a prime number or not. Any method of determining whether a number is prime or not may be used. The method should also display how long it took to determine whether the number|  
